Decommission XTokens Pallet Docs (#1067)
moonbeam-foundation/moonbeam-docs: builders/interoperability/xcm/send-execute-xcm.md

XCM messages are comprised of a [series of instructions](/builders/interoperability/xcm/core-concepts/instructions/){target=\_blank} that are executed by the Cross-Consensus Virtual Machine (XCVM). Combinations of these instructions result in predetermined actions, such as cross-chain token transfers. You can create your own custom XCM messages by combining various XCM instructions.

> Pallets such as [PolkadotXCM](/builders/interoperability/xcm/xc20/send-xc20s/xcm-pallet/){target=\_blank} and [XCM Transactor](/builders/interoperability/xcm/remote-execution/substrate-calls/xcm-transactor-pallet/){target=\_blank} provide functions with a predefined set of XCM instructions to either send [XC-20s](/builders/interoperability/xcm/xc20/overview/){target=\_blank} or remotely execute on other chains via XCM. However, to get a better understanding of the results from combining different XCM instructions, you can build and execute custom XCM messages locally on Moonbeam (only available on Moonbase Alpha). You can also send custom XCM messages to another chain (which will start with the [`DecendOrigin`](https://github.com/paritytech/xcm-format#descendorigin){target=\_blank} instruction). Nevertheless, for the XCM message to be successfully executed, the target chain needs to be able to understand the instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pallets such as [Polkadot XCM](/builders/interoperability/xcm/xc20/send-xc20s/xcm-pallet/){target=\_blank} and [XCM Transactor](/builders/interoperability/xcm/remote-execution/substrate-calls/xcm-transactor-pallet/){target=\_blank} provide functions with a predefined set of XCM instructions to either send [XC-20s](/builders/interoperability/xcm/xc20/overview/){target=\_blank} or remotely execute on other chains via XCM. However, to get a better understanding of the results from combining different XCM instructions, you can build and execute custom XCM messages locally on Moonbeam (only available on Moonbase Alpha). You can also send custom XCM messages to another chain (which will start with the [`DescendOrigin`](https://github.com/paritytech/xcm-format#descendorigin){target=\_blank} instruction). Nevertheless, for the XCM message to be successfully executed, the target chain needs to be able to understand the instructions.
```
